connection/ResponseReaderImpl.java
 connection.ResponseReaderImpl
reader/InputManager.java
 reader.InputManager
app/AuthModule.java
 app.AuthModule
connection/ResponseReader.java
 connection.ResponseReader
app/Client.java
 app.Client
app/ClientAbstractFactory.java
 app.ClientAbstractFactory
connection/RequestSenderImpl.java
 connection.RequestSenderImpl
reader/ConsoleInputManager.java
 reader.ConsoleInputManager
reader/FileInputManager.java
 reader.FileInputManager
app/Main.java
 app.Main
connection/RequestSender.java
 connection.RequestSender
command/ClientExitCommand.java
 command.ClientExitCommand
app/AbstractFactory.java
 app.AbstractFactory
command/AuthCommand.java
 command.AuthCommand
reader/Asker.java
 reader.Asker
app/ClientImpl.java
 app.ClientImpl
command/LoginCommand.java
 command.LoginCommand
reader/AbstractAsker.java
 reader.AbstractAsker
reader/AbstractInputManager.java
 reader.AbstractInputManager
command/ClientCommand.java
 command.ClientCommand
app/AuthModuleImpl.java
 app.AuthModuleImpl
command/ExecuteScriptFileName.java
 command.ExecuteScriptFileName
reader/ConsoleAsker.java
 reader.ConsoleAsker
command/RegisterCommand.java
 command.RegisterCommand
command/CommandManager.java
 command.CommandManager
reader/FileAsker.java
 reader.FileAsker
command/ClientCommandManager.java
 command.ClientCommandManager
app/Test.java
 app.Test
